Pipelines
A pipeline can be build as an adjusted sh script. Pipeline consists of the following blocks:
1. Title
2. VERSION
3. HELP
4. HOWTO
5. JOB
6. CHANGE
7. COMMENTS
8. SHELL COMMANDS

## Title of the pipeline
## VERSION
The version of the script
## HELP
This is a help part of the script. The help lines will be shown when the user asks for the help of the script (pika pipeline help [name])
## HOWTO
This part of the script helps with the execution. It tells the user that the files will be copied in the job directory. (pika pipeline howto [jobname])
## JOB
This are the names of the jobs (like in the script directory). The jobs should be in order of the pipeline. Pika will copy the jobs, and number them (step + number). These lines will be replaced by the job howto in the howto generated by the pipeline copy command.
## CHANGE
This comes directly after the appropriate job, and contains a sed command. This command changes standard lines from the script to lines fit for the pipeline (like embedded script options). These lines will be deleted in the howto file created in the pipeline copy command.
## COMMENTS
The user can add simple comments between jobs and shell commands by using a # in front of the line.
## SHELL COMMANDS
Sometimes additional actions have to be performed to transform data for the next job (like listing samples, renaming, …). Small jobs like generating needed data files or renaming files can easily be performed within minutes. Creating scripts would be overkill in most cases. The user can add these simple commands within the pipeline file, between the appropriate job lines.
